persons for  purposes – but this, this sense that   have in which may have  in some fundamental way his his skin crawl. Can weighting his  his stomach mercury. He looks at : Setting. To starboard. Which means He  What a relief, however vague,  reedy, high-pitched trills – those sea-birds, he   up, though he still doesn't   them- snaps him He scans the ship and the water  land ships to  In one corner of the main deck is a tarp a dinghy,  he'd  able to launch it himself.  it seems, is to hurl himself into the waves  and   in the back of his mind  tells him that he has tried that sort of thing shivers in a gust of cool wind and  the overcoat around scratchy   to his ears. At first it startles him,  those voices


through him, and as it does  sailors
Amused,  S. hurries away
S. hip-biscuit
and the  his water and ascends to the forecastle. He sits at the foremast and studies  constellations.
pinpoint the ship’s position
-versed in astronomy–
of information nothing.
than anything  to see something
something that  him, however tenuously, he must have his memory, identity, himself.
T  Aquila. Cygnus. : Gemini.
dips his biscuit in the water 
So s his teeth 
manages to tear off a few shreds dunk the ancient bread 
back to  sky, it's as if the  have  out the shapes are 
Ma h e g 's w g-t ps ve spr d t  ve  t
 Y  l ving th bi fin ed  spilling itself out into the swan's neck  bent. 




























the front line of the protestors and the guards holding their arms folded across their chests yet-jab-bing finger or spray of saliva could him: turn awaySlip disappearsome dry clothes.  to sleep.  cheap rooming- perhaps. Get rest, so Often. the night. Maybe, down what suspect, even if that single piecing together 


walking wharf, giving the a wide berth and to  uninterested- police officers eyeing the action and muttering to each other, calm to the situation to them him to stay away He steps past them without their noticing.






which he has come to believe that of mystery had thought not whether they are important to each other . Unless,  those images in  not fragments of but something else: the scattered and half-formed ink-shapes of his mind's desperate attempt which are not over them, Better for Stenfalk it  creeper “There  Stenfalk muses,birds." Once the creeper flies off, startled by a particularly Stenfalks coughing, they watch the shivering S. asks. "Let's go," Stenfalk says.
S. laces his fingers together to give Stenfalk a boost to the first handhold in the rock, a long crevice that runs the length of the wall.  no longer whether she knows him but 








the lamp the lower passage, then stands back from hole. It'syes, but
he won't get " S. asks. He wonders: could it be
that they're no longer to evade the posse but rather to bury themselves as Vévo.
das men Vévo. das men ," Corbeau says. S. drops his rucksack through the hole, then limbs down after it, thankful that his landing is a graceful one.  loses her grip on the wet rock and  downward, but he catches her, wraps her tightly in his arms. She is much lighter than he he wonders if she He is about to set her down when next to them by drizzling  Its only a few inches  and it's -not or in
any way--but it's there,








piece of wood at the topmost edge of the bulkhead to carve I swam away from the ship. I assumed it had been destroyed. I found myself under a pier, coughing out seawater. I could hear the noise of the demonstration above.
A cramp grips his hand, twisting it into a claw. He
shakes it gently, rubs it with his other hand, and
he feels the tendons begin to ease their grip wrote.




exposed bone, in Corbeau's hand, considering that had screamed across his  for days. Instead, looking at a healthy, foot, the skin baby-pink three toes, with a from the third toe down and rougher and  but "My foot-" S. begins. Maelstrom says, with something like amusement flashing over his face.
 back, S. hears a wave of whistles sweep across the crew. It is a  just a minor roaring  turn his head. He watches as the rear hatchway creaks this should have captured the crew's interest. nother sailor is descending the rigging, preparing to serve his own stint below, and the any of the other t then S.


I was rowed to shore,where a man in a kaftan was waiting for me. We walked from a date palm grove into a city and through a nighttime marketplace. Agents hid among us in plain sight. Caged finches fluttered their wings against their prisons. Children moaned from inside baskets when summoned by flute. The repository is no more.


nail The fishhook is the barb to bite the wood at the grip. Before long, he spread out over the   them we won't S. cannot be certain of this, as most of buildings  cafes  rail stations ships




O Sola! O for you to transcend this brightest bedlam of invention! Sing to me, Sola, of amour, and may your song pull like a current, carry me through these foaming rapids of blood and ink, for I am a man driven time and again off course. In the cabin,  as a call to her   himself." And so he gives up trying; he closes his






that blow gray vapor and the blue-black smell as they burst or does: there is the whittler, with one arm missing: there is the slight frame of the pouting girl there the refugee  there is a sailor All around him is
burned flesh asking has  for someone survived, but all he hears is ragged  breaching: there is the biggest of the is the expansive halo of hair, the thick
limbs and barrel trunk. There, still clutched in his hand, is one of the maps, entirely to all four corners
 the deepest, bloodiest of  That he is  a boat on That he is floating his That There is nothing. 
who could explain, is gone. His Selves are gone, lost  or  this empty vessel of


Yes. is still alive.  The frost of course, creeping in   edges. That 's own memory of where the boundary used to be.  how he came to be in the Winter City. of arriving up in this apartment  plodding down a thickly-iced
boulevard, his teeth chattering in a wind-bitten polar cold. Around him were hundreds of hazy and indistinct to his eye, pale He tried speaking with several,but he was ignored, as if Gradually it dawned on him of each with one person lightly penciled on it of a frozen city block.  some sort of purgatory?
Had he come to 








as he spends packing gunpowder into brass casings?  and in the frigid apartment those  and from time to time they may shine brightly A hundred yards ahead, the solid harbor ice ends and the pack ice begins.  cracks between the floes, which undulate with each
push of the waves beneath. And floating amid all the ice, with huge chunks of it bumping against its hull,
is a familiar . It may be the most awkward, shabbily-rendered, ramshackle vessel ever to float on water, an offense to even the most No two pieces of wood in the carvel-planked hull  three masts and the bowsprit. The sails are stitched- together scraps of canvas  yellow and
its own, a thing that is easily And if then it should be with the  with what  those  come before us wrote. Everything  personal doesn't care about Vévoda anymore As long as the man what he brings to the world. When Vévoda dies, When S. dies,
S. He must find her and tell her what  He blows one short note on his whistle and hurries  he h him to her. And when she him, she sounds so close, and he his pace, darting A sudden drop in the
path sends him stumbling, and as Pfeifer's injury in the cave, prays
  He lands roughly, but when he pulls himself seem working order.