unknown large swaths of time gone by, time the world shifted without noticing, makes He
feel dread insides; feels as dense as the sun and thinks we're headed south. exhales. to know one thing, about one's direction. A burst of thinks, looking seeback to the moment., thinking of escape. No insight. No signal.covering what might be but never be His only option,put his faith in water, and something before without success. ' He hugs himself more tightly. Then: a voice comes because he thought


"passes the two share an knowing look. from them.
Eventually, collects his uneaten s
rest of the starry
sky before him, searching for familiar
He wont be able to– he 
knows he's not well but even
a tiny scrap is better than
More, he wants
familiar , connects to the world 
known before he lost his 
here:There:There:
He hold it there awhile,
it can soften, then work against it.
He before he has to again
When he looks up the stars shifted; he can still make constellations, but their different. The stars that
de t e a le  in i ha ea ou o r he
 sk, ea e rd un ish, eternally black. The  is as”


The gap between is narrow. The guards are their ground,, but are not pushing back although a single loose violence coiled within them. Common sense tells quietly from the seething scene before you. around the edge of it, into the quiet city streets, and find yourself Find a place Find food. A house, the world can start to And make sense again. Survive Then, find paper and pen. Write what you know, and you about yourself- won't yet fill a page. And then, maybe then, start who you are.


He starts around the edge of the demonstrators keeping the deepest shadows, where he notices a few  dozen looking doing nothing to restore. He could go for help, but something tells. Be more heedin' where y’put y’spires. 






his life in Sola appears, and there are more layers to her than he. His question is how and to what extent,but why of course, none of it is true, if his dream are memory to author a self, to be trusted. Silence settles and S. welcomes it. to conserve his breath than to waste on idle words. Together they watch a tree ascend round in a helix. is much comfort and strength,”  "to be found in vigorous burst of shadows that the leaves cast over the moon-colored rock.
"Are you ready?"










He shines down into the narrow, stuck in it. we're going too far down? deeply as they can to deny the satisfaction of finding their corpses? I'm worried Corbeaulaunches herself awkwardly imagined.* For a moment is even real.


he notices what's on the wall, partially obscured
water and shadow:


S


high,scrawled rudimentarily precise symmetrical or artistic in black.


Footnote: For all Corbeau's accomplishments and tenacity, she appears to lack a degree of gravitas.


could say, or an I into a new. And then, slowly, painstakingly: he begins his story into the ship itself.


. As he
rubs, he steps back, reads what he has written.
The words on the wall are not the words he
thought he 


I SWAM AWAY FROM THE SHIP. 
The wall says.  I HAD ASPIRED TO DESTROY IT. I FOUND MYSELF UNDER AN ARCH, CURSING AT SENATORS. COULD I HARM THE NOISY DEMONS ABOVE?


FXC’s Footnote This may be an allusion to the anonymous 1866 novel Les Démons en Haut, a scathing rebuke of the contemporary Parisian bourgeoisie. While the book is not well-known—indeed, it was banned almost immediately—one can easily imagine that Straka felt a kinship with its author.








at least-and maybe even consider. what he'd seen of the pain synapses he found himself intact and new over the first diagonal line running around the ball of his foot. the skin was several shades
darker,it was undamaged.
B’lieve what y’want to b’lieve At his subtle sound, Countermelody in the symphony of sail and water


but it makes S. open and, up
from the bowels of the ship--from the secret space in the orlop, S. is certain- comes one of the
sailors. S. doesn't know why A scene looks like rotations. But takes a close look at the












I raged at the sun while the moon and constellations whistled for me. We walked, we damned pilgrims, to a cenotaph. The thunder had no mercy; angels bade us adieu, punished by sound. Cairns of fiction flummoxed the winds, held their positions. O, chastened men of ink, battle the sundering force! Le repos est la mort!


I am told that a French aficionado of Straka’s work is seeking to memorialize the writer with a cenotaph in Paris’s Père Lachaise cemetery. I lack the financial means to contribute to this effort (and the defunct Karst has nothing to give), but I would be pleased if it were successful.




Page 260
Progress is much slower without the curved, and S. has trouble getting right angle without losing his gives up and returns to
puzzling over the papers and photographs from the valise, which he has warped
boards of his cabin floor.
There are fifty-seven photographs/Each of  time seems to show a different person, but the images are blurry, shot from a distance in public spaces on the steps of in; in on, the 
O, sailor. O, for your trance to end, this mindless bedlam and deception! You’re simply a sailor, no more. Days are long and nights disturbing. You’ve married a rudely foaming madness of blood and ink, and why? Damned man. Riven time and again, you’re aught more.


Strikethroughs on the bulkhead, strikethroughs in the floorboards. everything that begins comes out, somehow, as a curse of




Compare S.’s different responses to his experiences with “mediated writing.” In Chapter 7, he seems flummoxed by it, but one senses a bit of wonder in him as well. Here, though, we see S. resisting it, straining to overcome it, as if he is more certain of what he wants to say and cannot abide not being able to say it. Is it possible that Straka himself was grappling with a similar conflict—between artistic intention and execution? Between desire and the ability to express it? My correspondence with him offers no guidance on the matter, but as these seem like fairly commonplace struggles—the sort that beset many people, not just artists—I will venture to proclaim that it is more than possible; it is certain.






. He identifies several, tells himself he
; is
from the ghost ship; he can no longer recognize. the smell
of. He calls out, if anyone survived, begging to have 
that vertiginous hum, his own breathing, his own voiceless shouts.


And there, bodies. There unburned but
covered in reds.


What begins at the water shall end there, and what ends there shall once more begin. Words are a
gift to the dead and a warning to the living.


What is the story he tells himself? a man in  the edge of civilization? a man on the edge of a life that should never have been? there is nothing? The woman who could save him, gone, His other selves are gone. His pages are underwater turned to ash. He has
only himself. He is a ghost.






He  will swiftly retake the space from the Before long, all will
remain is S.
He has no idea He has no recollection. He does
not know how he ended. His earliest memory is of other
people, but they were impressions. he was not part of their world. that no one
there was part of anyone else's world. They all occupied the same space but did not occupy it together.
 Imagine a thousand leaves tracing paper,, all stacked
atop a scene A thousand discrete and solitary realities that appear to be occur-
ring in the same location.


Had he died and gone to












day after day He has experienced these in the
trance-states on the ship. He may not be able to possess moments, but
they are around him,. He can see the stars; he no lon-
ger has a need for the constellations. 


Dark water is visible in the ship.


Intuition tells him it is the same ship, somehow resurrected and restored to a condition even shabbier than its usual chaos of disrepair forgiving of nautical sensibilities. appear to have come from the same source. Warp afflicts all
in shades of I 


effaced or disappeared or destroyed, and it is worth preserving.
it can't be preserved, released and cycled.
To write black stuff is to create and, at the same time, to resurrect. We write who've rewritten. Part o' the tradition.
And his greatest revelation is: he. lives, S. and others will resist someone else will take
his place. someone else will take his place. Another Another story.
Sola. he now understands.through the junctures in directions that,hopes, will lead answers
doubles through the near-dark. he is falling he remembers the
same fate will not befall him.up to standing again, all the
parts of him in